that sounds good man!
im doing good yourself?
I am from pakistan...its 6:15 pm there
How you doing tho ???
Hey whatsup mate how you doin today
gm
gn
yeahhh
hey man my day is great wbu
Where do u live?
So great brotherr :^ ^ and U bro?
i hope we can go to the moooonnn with this projectttt
Welcome back bro how are you?
I am vibing bro
How are my shibas!
hows everyone doing this evening? we vibing?
Pretty well kinda full from dinner
GM fam !!!
Ahhh nice beaches. I really need some of that right now.
hello guys .. how yoou all are doing today ?? ... life is good ??
Been really busy with work and minting NFTs haha
Hey mate welcome back hope you are having a great day
Hello bro  Was it difficult to get WL?
Thankss! Nice seeing you too
Too many  tired..
doing great famm
Not bad thanks had a hectic week so glad to finally have some time again
Hey we are doing great wby
do you think we ll have passive income??
I get you man keepi nthe hard work goin! so where you from?
Hey guys im here
A bright future awaits
cool. what are yoy going to be? what do you want to specialize?
Pretty good how are you?
Hey everyone its been a while how we all doing?
4 sure man!!
am doing fine
Btc is looking weak. NFA
I do enjoy man thanks! Nice to meet you
Godd Morning how are you?
Good evening how you doin mate
Midnight in aus
good morning chat
keep it up people! just believe and we ll get there all of us
heyy wassapp man how are you?
My brother understood you. I hope you can relax and enjoy communicating with us)
Hello are you still there
Good night take care and have a good sleep mate
Where do you want to travel man?
Hey bro how are u
hey my friend. how are you?
all good bro just chilinh here man did u enjoyed yr weekend
lm fine buddy whats your plant today?
Thanks ! Hahah
U tu friend...goodnight
Yes . a very good way to practise Ennglish. I agree
Hey mate we are doing great wby
goodnight fam! see you later
Good bro hbu ?
Have a good rest my friend ! See ya tomorrow
im form PAkistan! what is netherlands famous for?
is it your first NFT investment guysss?
Are you in Miami rn ?
OLLAAAA how you doing?
Good bro hbu ?
GM buddy how are u
Great and you?
hello friends... how are ya?
If anyone has any queries regarding the project feel free to @ me i will be there to help you out
Hello everyone! How u guys doing here?
yo everyone !
woahh i liked your name mate! nice to see you here. i meet lots people from russia here. how are you today?
hello bro whats up hw u doing
Good evening everyone!!! How are you all doing?
Are you coming here for Nowruz?
me too! what plans for today?
ohhh hahhahha are u still student? or nah?
Been great so far bro;] how was yours?
Hey how you doin today hope you are doing great
Hello fams :)
Just relax and enjoy
Hahahah yeaah OG is a great cure for covid if ever HAHAHAH . hope you get it!!!
Since everyone wanna say hi to sibra hiiiiii
Yo Adem how was your day fam
how are you doing
hello how are you today?
Take care mate and stay hydrated
hello hi whats up hw was yr day
Who has been to Miami?
Hbu ma maaan ?
The most beautiful city is St. Petersburg. There are very beautiful nights there. I advise you to visit this city! Beauty will blow off your head!
hii whats up mate
Going great and you? what u doin
Hi broo how is going your day
Where are you from bro
Oh I know what you mean!!!
hello whats up hw r u
catch you later fam
i hope you feel better fam!
which country are you from fren?
good afternoon people how are you?
Hi...I am from pakistan
Heyy hw to get wl here
Thanks bro  hbu
And what do they use?  tell me))
Did you lose your taste and smell?
Yeah we really arent doing well.. Hopefully we do bounce back
Hey my shibas how is your Sunday going?
All good bro. Kinda of boring day lol nothing mucb is happening. Just had lunch. Where you from bro
How r u doing broski ?
gm msc family
how is everyone
wassup party ppl
Nice community boys! Great project. Where are you from?
Is there any collabs planned for the future?
Hey.. got the time to be back here now.. the power cuts in our country sucks
how do yo do
I like that. We stay neutral.
hahah messi fan but i like cr7 as well. SIUUUU. i like Bayern too!
U are the best
nothing much! how are you?
Gm Shibaa Gang!! hope everyone is having a greaaat weekend!
good bro do you have kids ?
Do you think one VLA is enough for a convertible?
lfgggg keep grinding guys
Shall I name my Shiba inu Elon or Mutant? or maybe Mutant Elon. Pshh pshh mutant elon come to meee
Hey fam!! How are you all doing ??
Im from Kazakhstan
Yeah. Agree with you! This is really amazing project
Good Morning mate hope you have a great day ahead
Sitting on the couch and chilling. I will take shower and hoing outside with the kids. And yours ?
Hey guys GM
Thanks man. yeah we are vibing as always. Im enjoying so much
they dont spread a very infectious disease right? if they dont then im okay with it lol
How was everyones weekend?
Good morning everyone! How are we all doing today??
Where are you from?
Hi how are you))
Always a struggle to find the old chat and reply it so you gotta love the effort from you!
Good mornind brosski
Happy weekend dude
Hi! How are you? Was it hard for you?
hello  are you there
happy to know fam! im great too!
were is my friends? not active today.
happy weekend to you
movies or tv series
great project and hopefully roadmap too.. im confident project should be a success
no just planning hanging out here with u guys:) wbu?
Thanks a lot
just dont add any bats okay? that idea did not go well lol
good night bro see you later
You want some buddy?
How you feeling man? Glad you recovered.
How is everyone
Hello! How are you?
yoo whats up brother
Hello boys and girls!!
Hello Shibas! Just got home from work and about to go to bed. How are you all??
Covid cases are increasing and the weather is nice. Sunny
yumm that sounds tasty lol
anyone hobby would al
Oh your parents must have been to arabic countries and loved the name lol
hello how you are doing
A very yummy soup with dog meat. Lol
All good here....
Good morning fam
This project is so interesting! cant wait for the mint date
Oh! What kind of this movie bro?
today i just enjoy a holiday with famiy and prepare presentation on my project
ok bro hahahah
Hi guys I want to know how to get wled
what genre is it? i meant what is it abt
happy sunday shibaaaa how are you
Hi)) how are you? what are your plans for the evening?
Anyone here bought off veve before?
what did you make my man?
im super happy to be here
I made a wonderful breakfast for this pack
hello how are you today?
its a good that you would have to take breakfast and i hope yours time is am\
Suuuup fam hope you have a nice day
what do you want to watch movies ? songs ?
anyone had to isolate before have a way of passing the time
Good morning Sibra how are you? Where you from?
Cant wait to get my apes.. any idea how many are we allowed to mint?
everything is cool! wbu? where r u from?
How are you today? Fam
Hey guys whats uppp
eyy good afternoon for you buddy! have you had lunch??
do you have any plans for today man ?
philippines are so hard working lets go guys!!!!!
Just woke up time for start the dayyy
Hi shibra fam ! how re u ?
im a child
Finished my dinner time to chill with the fam
hello!! good eveningggg
Definitely will man! Wish you all the lcuk in the world!!!
hey brother and how are you doing!
Good evening everyone
Hey man whats up? How are you doing my friend?
Where is it?
how are you mevey one i am back aftar take a rest and now i feel relax
We dont want paper hands guysss! diamond all the way!!!!
very nice i have to eat un dget up hhaah
nope. I hope This will be my first one.
doing great just made some assignments and built a keyboard
Welcome to all newbies
all good here too. whats the plan for the day?
good morning bro did you have yr breakfast?
hlo to my friends
hey! how r u?
Good job sir!
Nice man! You had any luck in any projects yet?
good morning bro how you doing?
doing good here bro. Hbu?
hellooo!! how u doing guys?
nah man. This month I started doing  nfts
we doing good bro what about you
How are you here guys?
Oh wow thats really nice too.. I like them fishes too man ahha.. But also like the fish in sushi
WAGMI how yall doing?
delivery is working always) hahaha
Hopefully I can drop everything one day amd out my main focus on NFY
okay ill try x) its a popular one
whats gonna happen bro?
thanks ser.. i m always in here
Good to see man! Nature is key to a healthy lifestyle! You been in the nft space for long?
Happy connecting too
yes bro i like Lasagna too but my fav food is Paella
gn fren see you later
do you have any plans for today man ?
have a nice dayyy
Gm my G how are u doing today?
happy to know! im great too! from where are you my friend? im from israel
Very good and you?
Wow idk honestly ahah.. Lasagna is pretty good tbh
Same here. Vibing in the channel. Might go outside and have a walk a bit later fam
good bro what is yr fav food ?
Gahahaha We are all praying for the same thing
ik it but i nvr played it
love this communeauty.
Hello vadisHow are you?
Hey guys whats up?
I hope we have only dimond hands here! its very important for the project
Heyyy  how are you today
I just graduated from university. doing part time job while learning japanese at the same time. I trust that knowledge can change our life
Good evwning feelow mitanta
i just get up and gonna eat somethin and you mate
Yeah man! I gotta make some fan art and memes and vibe in here! Wbu?
Feel like my prayers in line lmao facts maybe got a week or less
kam se kam 2 eth I GUESS
Night? Where are you from?
Good morning my beautiful Mutant Shiba brothers and sisters
hello fren welcome
we all good fam how about you
Nice do u have any recommendations for travel I am planing to go this year
me too. I am doing Great. Got plans for today bro?
hey orboy how are you?
So what do you expect the floor guys ? I mean this is some really crazy stuff
hi there bullseye!
yes every summer
Gm guys how are you ?
the best. project. ever. love shiba
Im great man! Wbu?
hey guys good morning
Nice not many people know it do u travel a lot
thank you. where are you from? do you have lunar new year?
Creative pack. Have a good time. I think I need to go to bed.
tooooo the mooonnnn
i want to get something hot to drink
hello  everyone
thanks bro what are u doing
nope..its an fps right?
anyone can dm me to know more dms are open sir
hi there demon ! hows your weekend so far?
in which channel do you want to do it?
Nice im from slovenia do u know that coutry
fortnite battle royale do you play it dude ?
Hello good morning to you too!
Good morning Fowks ;3
Where you from? Seems like you love cooking
gm How long have you been here?
Im 18 from where are u man
But I admit that South Korea is good in making horror movies
We can get there trust me! just engage in nice conversations..
hello how is your weekend going?
Anyone play apex legends ?? Hmm
nothing good man ! the weather is insane here
Nice how old are u mate
not) absolutely not) i hate cooking)
good morning bro did yu hav eyr breakfast?
All good brother wbu?Ive seen u around quite often
Lets make sure this community keeps on growing over the next days
watching all of us are dead atm hahaha
hey there zach! how are you doing today?
Sounds nice is a uni like this also in EU i think one is in amsterdam
Good evening. any plans today ?
Wowww this discord is going to POP OFF
Siuuuuu or you a Messi fan? I play FIFA thats about it. Bayern Munich.
so do you have any plans for today ?
Good evening homie
yo my people
I just finished work and went back to the MSC
ofcourse man so how are you man
all good here mate. Hbu ?
how are you mate?
yeah keep up the hard work and trust the process mate we will make it !!
we can do it together fam.. keep giving your best islanders
good evening shibas
Good and you?
Hey amigo how are you
gm fren how re u ?
gm bro what are u doing
How are you guys?
I play and love football the most. What happened to your knees man? I hope everything is fine
yes its just too big now
gm there oceans! how are you doing?
What language is that
Good morning how r u
anves bhai aaj general me kya haal chal ?
ohh are you busy with study or work?
hello how is going on fam?
i know what volleyball is in real life but i thought it was a game
I would love to do some sports but I have no thime for that rn
haha yeah no way its gettin to an extinction
Why did you decide to enter the global chat?
Yeah good idea
OMG lets go!!! Great Flip!!
But u get a lot of useful knowledge I guess?
so good bro U?
Ahahaaha I got you)) and you like to cook?
hello again how re u fam
whats up guys
ahh i see thanks! do you play any sports?
how are you doing mate?
Hey how are you doing my friend!
I only watch playoffs anyway. The super bowl is on the 13th on February.
wow very good man good luck!! from where are you buddy?
GM YO WADDUPPP
Damn nice i am planing to go study the same thing next year what are your thoughts on it
Hola amigos. How are you doing?
what name about game ?
Nice dude! Im from scotland!
hoola src! hows your weekend so far
Hey fam.  Whats popping
oh ya when is supper bowl? haha i dont keep up with it as i dont live in US. but im looking forward to the half time show!!!
am doing great
Good to hear to it bro. I think you are a very nice person.
so do you love this community my chum ?
what fun facts about Ukraine do u know?
we gotta make it
HHAHAHA thats so me
what you studying fam?
These NFL games today.
What do you guys like the most abt this project although its erly?
Oh yeah. They are amazing man. Love it
What are your plans for the weekend?
I am from India man
I WANT A MUTANT SO BAD
hope u get well soon :/
Nice man! Im into basketball! Where are you from?
yes web3 is going to be huge and so many closed mind people telling us that its not going to be anything but at some point they need to realise that this is going to be the future so many big company joining the metaverse and its just going to get bigger we already broke new records on opensea and its just the start
hey there xela! how are you doing today?
Cyprus sounds like a great place but Ive never done any research on that. What is there to do over there?
nah dude I have been here for nearly a week
Where aare u guys in the world??????
Sup bro! How you doin?
yeah the actor is really nice ngl
do msc makes quizes everyday?
am fn and you
How are you papa????
doing good hbu
haha for sure! from where are you my friend?
wow that is really very cold! is it okay to run at that kind of cold temp?
me 2 bro
Nice man! Ive been into the space for about 2 years! You into sports?
do you have a new  year tomorrow my dude?
interesting job x) good luck
i dont know volleyball but i know valorant i played in the beta many hours but then when it come out of beta i stopped playing and how valorant is going for you?
Boys can only watch or also join the tournament?:)
How is everyone
cant wait to see the roadmap
suree mate xD
ahhh nice! a holiday has been long overdue for many. Where are you planning to go?
Anybody wants a joke?
Yeah man! Love being here! U been into nfts for long?
Doing good. Just waking up
moshimochi and cat smth lol
Yeah there has been many dips past few months but its going to come back. I always hear from people like in the news that omg its the end of crypto bitcoin is going to zero but its always fake.
me too fam btw can i ask you something?
good morning bro how are you ?
Good to hear that. So far so good too for my weekend. Any plans for the day?
Hi)) how are you? what are your plans for the evening?
Seems Everyone is busy talking with one another. So hyped up guys?
Watching the charts mate! You say
Going great and you?
hey man how are you doing today ? hope you doing great ?
have u guys shown some love on twitter
You van watch it on Netflix bro
Nice man! I followed on twiter at 5k! But sadly couldnt get into the dsiord until last week! I was super unlucky!!
hi mate what are u up to today?? XD
Ahhh okay only 5 hours but I will prbbly be seeing you while youre at work too anyways hehehe. Yeah the wedding is done. I didnt want to be in crowded spaces for too long. here in Thailand they have weddings in a ballroom and pack lots of ppl in there haha so I had to leave asap.
hello there fam how are you?
gm there zouz ! hows your weekends so far?
Good morning fam
1 year thats great so you are experienced in the space of course it has ups and down but i think most of the time its really worth doing crypto and nfts ))
ah its evening everyday is going productive ngl just going to make some peanut butter sandwich wassup
for sure have a good weekend also dude!
Yea brother I joined this community when there were 10k members
I read that after 135K this discord group going to be opened?
Good to hear man! you been a shiba for long?
Cantonese dialect what is it? and where is it used?
What is future work so?
shooters but i feel like gaming has been off there is not a really great game to play but im currently playing escape from tarkov and a little bit or rocket league what about you what do you play usually?
loving this community already!
im comeback I went to eat
Cantonese is not Madarin. Totally different
And so you know her in real life?I just talked to her in a Russian chat
really it is
yoo kyle how are you?
im good ty im not from korea btw
I think the weather is cool over there right ?
hey im doing good what about you how was your day what are you up to in the nft/crypto space my man?
Nothing important just going to chill in chat with community
hello bro how is going on fam? i like yr pfp
in good shape! hope yall have a good weekend
amazing man! Just chilling watching some YT! You got any plans for the day?
in that 2 months i mostly learned about nfts and crypto i already invested some in cryptos but then the crash came so there is that. In nfts i just learned but i think im ready thats why im trying to get whitelist on projects like these becuse i see huge potencial and even started a passive income. What about you?
Fine mate hbu ???
im chilling rn hbu
Justin Biebr bought a BAYC APE For 500 ETH. NFT Fam we are gonna make it
Same feelings about recharge bro! A have hard month. Todays morning I have a run on fresh snow.
GM shiba fam
haha. Did you come? Do you know Danang city?
good man. hbu? any plan this sunday?
sweating because of hot weather lol. Where you from friend?
ye..its a nightmare in here when summer comes
Yo man! Whats up?
Dude I just checked it out and it looks so dope! I like the stuffed animal one.
wassup im bac kagain
have you ever visited paris dude ?
how is everyone!!
doing great thanks for asking how are you doing?
Good place bro!
Gn everybody I have work Tmr take care and make sure to check up on ur love ones !!
I think that you can watch tutorials on YouTube .... this is how I learned English ... and I also paid a tutor for English lessons ..I think that would be the best..not sure if apps can help you well
how is everyone
aightt thank for the information dude really help xD
nah im in school right now its like my second hobby with gaming
All is well how are you?
hi bro what are u doing
When expirience you got him
Good morning)) only I have an Evening already))
hahaha appreciate that man!
Here I promoted it with my name hahah you think thats okay? I saw some ppl doing it hahah not sure if it works
This chat is the general chat and the general wellness channel is more specifically to do with the wellness of the mind and body although you can talk about anything on both channels
heyo kejan! welcome! hows your weekend so far?
AmaIng! Having lunch actually
and how  has it been going so far !
is anything wrong? never mind)
I think this will blow up
it defenetly worth trying nfts i started like 2 months ago
Hello guys how ya all doing in here?
Thx so much who checked my arts
You too.... i hope you will have the best Day in your Life bro
ayee guyss what the different btwn general and welness general? xD
whatsupp people?? how is it going with you?
GM fam how are we all doing?!
I am currently helping my parents throw heavy thing!!!Hello everybody i am doing some quick flips on my Alpha Group will be busy today!!
Hi)) how are you? What are your plans for the evening?
love you man!
Morning buddy how are you
Really ? Mann i wish i can learn ut that way too . Btw do you have recommendation of app so that i can learn it from ?
ok you are welcome
gm bro what are u doing
ok i will play valorant
Not much man! Just chilling out! You?
happy to know my friend! from where are you ?
even in summer i think u dont have that much hot wheather?
hello how have you been ?
is fn   ooo
what does it all mean? why does he call you dear?and what about me?....Why you dont write me?...
are you new in the space or you already invested into something if you did what project did you invested in?
we got 10k tweet follower wow ;; it is so amazing !
good to see you again Sam!
We can get there apesss lfg!
so happy to hear that)) where have you been so long?)
I am good what about u?!
Yes of course! I absolutely love your food! Nothing beats a good pho thats for sure. Im very addicted to it LOL
and who do you work?or is nft your main source of income?Have you thought about moving to another country?
Oh gotcha gotcha lol what do you have planned for the day?
hey there! going well so far. Hbu ?
And where is it cold?
good how are u today
yeah you are right! will get that done as soon as i can but prbbly not for another 5 days will see how I do hahaha. Let me know when you wanna go play some games today. Ill come join
eyy doin good buddy hahah !! lets keep our spirit up !! xD
wow i love the taste of curry
How is your weekend going?
lets grind guys we get this!! we can get the WL spots
Oh damn i didnt know russia had a 3 hr time diff to aus
sup fren how are u
We vibing here senior
Anyone wanna chat?
Hi)) how are you? what are your plans for the evening?
Oh yeah what are you planning to get?
Yeah I went out for lunch with my fam and back home to celebrate my newphew birthday;] today was great!
hello good evening guys
thank you sm
Yeaaahh bro its f op
Just looking btc and training
yea i rather stay in eth blockchain but if there is going to be a support at the 2 sides i might try solana too
Hey there fam! all good here. hows your weekend so far?
its veggies and fish i had with my fam!
community is already very hyped wow!
same here brother its 5:30 pm
ooh you have difficult rules
Great having a lazy day what you up to today
me too i ate like 10 min ago i wish you too a great day and what are you up to now in the nft space?
Guys how you day going?
feelin amzing to hahah xD where u come from dude? i really want this project OMG hahah xD
my days great how about u?
Thanks bud!lets turn off our direct messages
2 years old both of them:))
Have you visited Vietnam yet?
I wanna live our life as before
yo guys where i can see quiz announcments?
Are you also from the Netherlands?
Hey yo bro . How s yor day
I do sometimes! Helps me get ready for work tbh haha do you do the same?
Ayeee its our newest mod! Great to have you in the community! Congrats on the role!!
idk man i just dont like it but i heard that open sea might support fantom wallets that can be great!
hw are you doing
really bro really i hope covid go away soon
lets hope this project will be successful.. it shld be
Where at fam?
so cool bro
Feeling amazing. How about you?
yo guys where i can see quiz announcments?
are u from philippines
Listen some music before working bro
GZZ on WL bro how did you get it
wazzup mutant shibaa how u guys feelin??
where i can see it?
anyone get ready having dinner?
what do you do for a living?>
Oh so good for that. So how can u get it mate? Sorry if my question bother u.
can somebody tell. do we have quiz today?
from turkey bro
Hello how are you?
i have no idea about your rules
Toronto Canada. What about you
Wasssup all friend
Hey whatsup mate how you doin
hyped up community
Bruce! I swear you are here everytime im here! Good to see you my man
where are u from bro
I am good my friend how about you ?
Bullish in local
I think our rules are shitty and they dont make sense
Guys do we have quiz today?
love this one) what city?
One CeX bro . LOLL nice
Hey hey hey! How is everyone today?
What is the trend?
hey there uncle sam! hows your weekend so far?
WOW! I like this color of your name))
General chat the place to beeee
Sadly I dont know how to check the level mate
Guys do we have quiz today?
hey whats up
what level are u now guyss? you ve been here for a long time
YES I AM DOING ITT
Gm gm mate
Im Ukrainian. I was in Palestin wall or smth like that
going to grab dinner now see ya soon
Finger crossed mate
gm gm bros
Yo bro! How you doing?
Dream comes true!
aah thats grt news .. so are u fine now ??  yeah man just staying in home alone is the worst experience
You still here mate
Hope we all get whitelisted
Will do that amigo. Glad to see you here and same for you. I m gonna have my lunch and than i m back on it.
yo guys! where u from?
Hello fam! What is you day?
Hello BruceX. May I ask what is OG?
Stay safe and healthy fam!
Fam wassap ^^
Good morning everyone
gotta stay hydrate my g
im a boy
Who do you wanna bomb with that?
hey bruce how are you?
Colour looks amazing mate!
aite bro!! ciaos
let s rest and relax guyss
good bro what time is it there ?
I think buddy :)) should rest a lot
GM bro. have a good day
What are you working with??
Yes pretty close
have u eaten dinner bor
im from philippines.. and you bro
egypt has a strong team
What Jordas do you have ?
Thats cool! I was always playing outside with every kid who lived in my street lol. We played together till the night
hey look who we have here again. I hope you are doing well amigo. So it s handpick. Ok amazing. Thank you
Hello all .haha. anyone can see me mate?
still grinding while eating dinner.. how about you
good morning bro what are yr plans for today?
Guys where are you from?
Anyone into sneakers?
yes right. ar u football fans? which club do u support?
welcom to back  how are u
Yo great man. and u?
Its free to play game. Want to play together.
gm there! hows your weekend so far?
good morning pal how are you?
Hello How t you?
me i always play volleyball  until now and i really love to read books! do you have a pet?
brb fam! dinner time
this would be a nice idea!
How are you ?
have to keep grinding to get the WL
whatssup guys ?
Hey have a great night! See you around
what are the Wl requirments here today? Can anyone answer this question for me please.
Hi hi! How you doing!
Thx bro )
Helloo i m backk
what is it bro ??
so where are u from ? do u living in asia ?
Could I motivate you in any way? I dont want you to be tired
How are you guys?
Aww thank you so much
How my shibas doin?
I want to take part
Congrats on og
That color looks great on you mate! Congratulations on your OG!
love yall .. gnite
Nice one man
what is concept about mate ?
just sittin gback and relaxing boutting go for dinner soon
nice to meet u :DD i like indiaa
Nothing just chilling with the fam wby
yeah buddy i am in
i like the concept a lot.. really interesting
Just got home mate. Just chilling here
thats awesome guyss !! how is it going guyss noww
what are you doing now guys?
Yeah used photoshop but is a long time ago that is worked with it
Nice one man
aha no never and you
How are you?
good morning start your day with a smile! have a wonderfull day ahead
Hello friend. Welcome back
Thats cool bro
had to help a friend earlier how you been doing here bro?
Same brotha riding the vibe
Love is all we need ? how all u think it guyss
So we are almost from the same culture because I am also Tajik and I have traveled to Iran before
We are making history right here and its gna be epic LFG
Anyone want to have a meaningful convo?
All good man. Just. chilling here
hello how are you today?
is everyone okay?
Guys can you check my arts in bio
How are you
feeling great bois
Helloo guys happy Sunday everyone enjoy your weekend guys
Chill for a bit and then work work man
haha nothing was planned for the weekends? go and have some fun outside man with ur friends/family hehe.
wassup bro im from new york hbu
thanks im fine where are u from?
yeah thats the thing bro i used to eat chicken everyday and do not even like the vegeterian dishes so i decided to quit this addiction of eating a bird everyday
Yes mate i do know that
Yo wassa up
Nice to know you
i frome tajikistando u know where is that?
i am good bro how are you
Hope everyone is doing great
I really appreciate this.. Thank you for helping me
oh ok I see
from turkey bro
i am still studying how about you what are your fav things to do?
apes are super nice.. which one is your favorite so far?
happy weekend to you
Doing good.. how are you?
Guys im ok how are you?
Nice bro what you still doing up?
Yeh either way its going to be crazy! Team doing this the right way for sure
its been 10 years bro i left the non veg bro just stick to pure veg
Gud Am u.
thanks mate how are u?
hiii welcome back! how are you doing bro?
hey man! how are you? welcome to the pack
yoo mate where you from!!
yeah fine bro what are yr plans for today?
yoooooo goodmorning everyone
Morning people ! Hope you all get a wonderful day! What are you planning on doing this weekend ?
yeah agree with u! indian bread and curry were a good combination
lets gooo how are you doing today?
yeah weekends just pass too fast man.. it didnt even felt i did anything at all haha
I come from this city and I have a season ticket since various years now. and you who do you support ?
welcome mate e great wbu??
Good thanks pal . How you doing ?
bro i am vegetarian i eat green leafy veg like spinach and some breads buttermilk
lets go friends
how did u know if you didnt know the name mate hahaha so funny LOL
Hello fam how are you?
Where have you been
What is everyone doing?
i know their breads are really amazing
thanks buddy every thing has good wbu?
Sorry I just came back
where do you live man ? I wil work at home only
hello are you new here?
Idk but it really gut
Is there anything you want to share with me today?
Hi guys im here
hello buddy welcome to the pack
guys what do you think about the future of mutant shiba?
Hey mate whatsup hope you are doing great
That would have been intense at high school
Hei guys happy to hop back in
super cool project.. very exciting
yeah thats right
thanks g will do!
I know someone in this group! What about you?
What discussion are we having today apart from the Chill chat...
Hey shiba club
Yo bro ! Fine and you
How are you guys?
Ooh it does?? I wish I was there ); I was outside in the sun earlier and I really enjoyed it even if it was just 7 degrees hahah
Sounds delicious; I would try to find a restaurant that makes it and try it!
hey chums how are you doing today ?
its lunch time here bro
how u doing man ? whats going on today ?
im chilling today
from Viet nam bro . and u ? where u from
sup fellow mutants
more mods!! great move
good morning guys how are we all
tested positive just now. 7 day isolation gonna suck
yeah bro thanks health is wealth rigtly said have some water now
Where are you guys from?
Have ve done dinner all guyss
have a good Sunday Fam!
He was sweet...literally! Honey vibes!! I liked the OHSHIB! details.
Then do it mate
yes maba. Actually I want to take a year off first to learn and gain experience. banyak tugas bikin pusiiiingggg
If anyone has any queries regarding the project feel free to @ me i will be there to help you out
haha have a great day my friend
I think that the army has long needed to be transferred only to contract service) there are a lot of people in our country who do not want to work and can only hold a machine gun in their hands ...make them a good salary and I think that there would be many who want to serve in the army ...
Where are you from bro? Seems like the same salary or even less where i live. Living in Third world countries suck man
what you want to eat at dinner??
Well thank u so muchh. for helping all ...
good morning fam!!!
yess thank youu
What do you have for dinner
Yeah I mean the ideal way of it all should be free and able to choose which one you want but there will always be demand of one more than the other and will run out. arghhh hope this ends soon! we are close
hello good morning or good evening?
How is going guys
good morning bro;)
How long have you been here
Goodevening everyone cookingdinner lets eat!
If anyone needs any help or information let me know ill help as much as I can !!! I hope its fine by the mods!
Yes I do. Job
i really need to clean my house...
Yooooo whats up bro?
im doin great bruh wbu??
Maba? What is your major karin? And do you enjoy what you study recently? It is holiday till semester 2 start right?
are you working sis ?
hahha which project ? Lol
howw is your dayy mate all
doing great thanks for asking! how is your day going?
Doing good hbu
What are you doing guys today ?
Take some nap bro;]  we have a mission at  10pm yeee
is it hot enough to swim??
anyone make fan art ?
Scam direct messages. Please everyone be careful.
Where are you from aphelea? I think almost all country in the world indirectly ask this citizen to get vaccinated HAHAHHA
wwho do u prfer bro :OLL
Hey how are yall doing?
Messi or Ronaldo ?
guys dont forget to eat and sleep on time
Which city do you live in?
Im from russia bro
any plans  for wwekend mate?
lets keep it uppppp
You can never plan the future by the past
how are you ?
Hello fam how are you?
Hiii fam ! how u all doin ??
great great good to have you back!
Thats a good engagement
Going great and you?
niceee remember to have a good brkeafast yeah
there is no specific level for getting wl
So Nice the community
apes seems very nice! the art is cool and the quality is nice
qq all guys
so cool broo
same here enjoying my weekend so far! where are you from?
What do we need levels for??
Very good degree. I sort of wish I took computer science. But I will always enjoy civil engineering more I think
Yessir the flood will be real
here in Italy there is a beautiful sun
OS was trying to integrate the solana network into itself. tests have begun. this is very good news.
hello how is going on fam?
rly? can u share with me some simple exercises?  i gained some extra weight lately..
At some point it ll be a criteria do get WL
grt man i like the taste of fried garlic .. its smell is so good ..
how long we predicting till 125k? I reckon 2 days
Wow it will be so crazy when we open
Why do you even need levels?
Thats nice even i help my family in some household work
And you how is your day going so far ??
im fine bro. I am preparing breakfast
I like it with mashed garlic and chili sauce. How about u? Do you have any food recommendations?
where you check the level?
hello how are you doing today?
Cali as well Bay Area
super difficult to advance levels at high levels
Yea it got really cool! For me it had been tooo hard figuring out how to build it hahah btw where do you live?
What are you doing?
Just chilling with the fam wby mate
hello there fam
about a Youtube channel bro
i thing grinding not welcome
hmm ok good to know!
good to see u LOLL
bro why did you get WL ?))))
Where are the wl conditions?
what do you think about this project ?
what are u doing guys
do u guys get to do some sports at home? the pandemic made me so lazyyy
gn body where are u from
Ahh glad to see you my friend.
we good and you?
Good to know that you are helping your family in some house duties
how does it work?
Mehhhh miss you !!
good morning everybody
hope i can get to the WL
How are you today bro
Guys if you think your  meta mask has been compromised there are websites you can pay in remove those authenticities
good morning bro i hope you have a nice day
If anyone has any doubts regarding the project feel free to @ me i will help you out
his name is Kao hehe;] do u have nephew too bro?
by being an OG
I think you must be doing some things too be active and eating good for your halth be good
I agree this is a very bad idea.
I really like the 2nd drawing on the sneak peek channel..
Nice I took maths and physics for A level. Im studying civil engineering at uni now. What are your plans after high school?
no ahha i order food
Do you get any symptoms when you get your vaccine shot jeyyy?
lets gooo guysssssssssssssss
hello guys how are u today?
What are you doing guys today ?
great bro.  I just woke up and having my breakfast  now
Do you cook by your self?
where i can inform that scammers are writing me?
so its mandatory in an indirect way..u HAVE to get vaccinated in order to walk freely
this is a good chance to start over
Welcome back bro what plans do you have to do it
my day is about to end haha tninking what to eat for dinner
I am great mate how U doing
Ahh what are you studying mate? I just finished all of my exams!
how are you doing guys
all good welcome backl my mate
111k on Twitter
thanks a lot! Going to develop myself in all spheres!
Okai broo. Chill
M doing well bro how abt u? how have u been today? what you got planned for the day?
Singaporeee. Do you stay in Seoul?
have you had dinner?
how are you buddy?
My dream is to visit Tokyo. I like it very much. I think the people living there are living the year 2050.
wooww have a great time. I not yet dinner . noww as u chiiling with friend here LOLL.  whrer r u froomm
Everything is returning back to normal here! What kind of music do you listen to?
ayo good morning fam
great man! i came back!
hello  hello  my friends
going good fam! how are you?
all projects with passive income have greater potential usually
Crazy server in here
nah. I even forgot about covid. all the news that is just stressing me out haha
hello how have you been ?
When the twitter reaches 125 k
Gm u bro
and when will that happen?
for everyone i think
For everyone!! Its going to be huge
i hope we can go to the moooonnn with this projectttt
Discord will open on 125k Twitter for everyone or only for a few people?
GM how are you today?
good morning guys
I am doing great thank you! Are you doing much this Sunday?
Yo brotha how are u
Heyy all.  hope all good time LOLL
WE ARE ROCKING ON TWITTER GUYS
so this is the general chat ??
I just checked your fan art fam!! It was reeeeally cool :MSCflame:  you did a great job with that. How long did it take??
Haha yea here all spreading good vibes which good to chill man. Since outside have pandemic so better stay home man
As there are lots of political issues.  I work and learn Japanese
Ahhh okay Ive taken both of those. 2 A and then the booster. You will be fine! Just drink lots of water. I drank double the amount I usually drink in a day hahaha
Morning my MSC fam whats up!!
Good!! I will
is it mandatory in indonesia?
yes. im in jaksel cipulir
Yess sunday is good time for rest and relax
Original))And what do you do in general?
do you think we ll have passive income??
Good to hear that. Sunday always best to spend time here.
good morning did you have yr breakfast?
Howw s your dayy alll
Oohh of course there is much space there man . I like geographic and always looking at maps . Russia got so big lands . But i wonder if the land price is high or not ?
yeah fine bro what are yr plans for today?
We call ourselves Hong Kongers
good morning fam how are you today?
im also good..im eating dinner now..how about you.. bro are you eat your dinner too
brooo someone said the most powerful combo is using AZ and moderna for the booster. the immunes system will be 32 times higher hahah. what do u think bro about that?
I took Pfizer also 3 days ago and now I feel like I am back to normal already. So its much less than my first 2 shots. Do they let you choose the brand?
keep it up people! just believe and we ll get there all of us
Thanks you to
american my brotha im from LA what do you do for a living?
good morning everyone
anyone want to listen french sound very good ?
morning my friend
its eazy for this project
We need 100k members!!
Where ar u from
What do you have planned for today?
I will have lunc soon
where you from my brotha?
I like your color nick ahaha
Thank you! I only had pain in my arm for a few days and fever was very low. so not much side effects. And I am back to normal now.
Gonna have dinner hbu?
is it your first NFT investment guysss?
Hi guys im here
Do you watch K drama too? What should I call you because I cannot read hangul
ha ha ha. 2 days ago I passed cbd ciledug to go to the pasar lama (tangerang) with friends.
Yo brotha how are u
What do you think about opening DS?
I wish... I could be a part of OG
Good morning G
ahh thats great! have you made lots of friends here?
hello fam good morning to yall
Thank you mate !!!
I really want to visit there do you have any suggestions of the best place for me to visit if i go there buddy
Got any plans for today?
happy weekend to you
Same here. Chilling in the space
O wow! You live in north korea or south
What do you mean????? And where ?? I googled it in China
Goodevening! how are you?
Where are you from bro??
nothing much just chillin with my shiba fam wbu?
Oh alright thanks...
Nice bro! Feeling Good Here ?
to post my fan art cause i accidentaly sent a link together with my post
gotta visit lan kwai fong after the pandemic
glad to hear that! im just chillin on several chat rooms here hahaha
Hi msc fam how was everyones weekend??
Hello buddy nice to meet you are you from korea
Love you more ashley!
Thanks I appreciate it
Morning mann! how are u feeling??
wait for what brooo??
wadooh. im living in jaksel broo. you know cipulir or cildeug?
anyone here down to have dope convos?
Whole the mutant shiba family loves you buddy
gm hru ape hope you doin well
do you know coding well?do you work according to your education?
where are u from team ?
love it !
good dayy alll
Oh cool im Sydney
lol yeah you are! Trying to leave me in yesterday lol
alright good to hear that
good evening everyone!
yeh man im always around!
Good day beautiful community!
Good day guys
Hi)) how are you? what are your plans for the day?
Damn thats a bummer!! Might have to hop in VC after all lol
Oh. Sad to hear.
hi bro how are you
hello how is going on fam?
i forgot links were not allowed and deleted my post huhu
brooooo do u like to watch any animes or movies or series brotherr?
hello my guy how are you/
Happy Sunday Fam
hey bro hru doing??
Oh wow lol having a nice start to the day?
how are u doing guys
how are you
where you from? jakarta ?
lfgggg keep grinding guys
I was born here . What about you ? What country you from actually . You got pretty large field right ? To be able to grew tobacco there
Oh where u from buddy?
you must be tired on the weekdays huh?? somehow sunday moving so fast than monday LOL
good morning bro what been up to?
oh damn i tried playing with US people but the lag was insane
any mods can help with my fan art cooldown?
take some rest tomorrow is a new week !Thank u
gm gang what yall doing
Interesting indeed lmaoooo
Have you eaten guys?
how do you do it? I mean I have one wallet that I specifically want to use for trading and another one to use solely for minting just in case the contract compromises the minting wallet then the other wallet is safe.
yes yes hahaha i really want to make fanarts but im not really gifted in art lol
hahahahha you are crazy
Oh my hahaha are boys allow to get in there also? Hahaha
lol its funny asf
hey guys i am back
were you born there or moved recently?
What do u thing about my new pfp ?
hi guys who are you
yaa man .. its really intresting .. its all abt time travelling .. its an amzing series wid lots of twist .. okk will try to watch peaky bilnder
sleep well my friend
yeah sunday was best for relaxing LOL yeah me too had a good one also! enjoying bintang beer while having a good convo here
bye ashley see yaa later
Im from korea little far from PH!!
great project and hopefully roadmap too.. im confident project should be a success
I am from Taiwan but studying in Michigan; I just went to Niagara Falls a few days ago!
okaay okaay sure thing buddy i will try the food hahah. seems a good food hahahha.nope i dont think i will go to other family houses u know haha. we will just have some lunch with the big family u know hahha
Good morning fam
I did both buddy hahahahow about you?
nothing bcs im single HAHAHA hbu mate?
any mod online that can help me? i included a link on my Fan Art post and i forgot those were not allowed huehue
yo my fren hows your day going
glad to hear it bro what are you up to
nothing bro hahah
yo msc fam
thank you sir for your response! i hope to see you in the long run
did everybody had a good sunday??
Toronto Canada. You?
This project is so interesting! cant wait for the mint date
im still in school final year
is it too late for white list?!?!
Stop all ur project to be active here !
wow u r a writer thenn ????
Hi Dung! Is it because of the corona rising or why did you are not allowed  to go out with your friends?
lets be honest all the art is gonna look sickkkk
Same bro ) woke up recently )
Hello mate.. how are you today..have you had dinner yet
Hi everyone how are you all doing?
hello mate .. how r u ??
Cant wait to get my apes.. any idea how many are we allowed to mint?
Oooh mutant with a flower. How cute would that be!!!
happy CNY to you too where you from?/
is fantastic and you
Respect! Nice meeting you too bro! Where should i visit on my trip to Turkey...when i take it
anyone watched the last Kingsman movie? Wanna share opinion on that?
south africa broski
will what do u think of bistik ayam brooo? do u like that food man?
oh dang!! yeah you are right that sesame seed make beef teriyaki taste more delicious. bro im started hungry cause talking about food hahaha
Great bro! Watching attack on titan. I cant seem to fall asleep so im just gonna vibe on out lol
but where are you from?
thanks for the positive energy needed this
Who is optimistic about this project
Lol yeah he is like the Warrio version of Steph to me...maybe like a premature version but the guy had mad talent
hello bro whats up
Just woke up! Wby?
do u have to work tmr bro? or are u a student?
did you finish after grade 9? where did you study?
Hi cordy! Nice to see you in blue HAHAH. What is your expectation to MCS packs here after you are being a mod noww?
any fellow south africans in the chat?
All love for Trae Young :))
Haha same feeling bro
dark is time related series .. wid lot of suspens buddy .. u msut watch this series ..
Hiiiiii How are you?
Yess we gotte help each other man to get over this
yeah;] I want weekend to last forever tho
We do have wbu?
For sure paper hands can ruin a project hopefully people are in it for the long term
all thing okai bro . .where u from bro
im talking about MSC bro sneak peeks got me hyped
Hope u guys are having a great day!!
is anyone free here ???
oh my god this porjects sucks man  its better to avoid this type of projects
fn and you we move
Well i have been waiting for peaky blinders to be out in Netflix . Been waiting for years tho . Btw what kind of series is dark ?
You are awesome!!
All good all good wbu
your art is good or what?
great so far bro;] gonna celebrate my nephew birthday pretty soon;] how bout u?
it was better for a few months but now the case is starting to get high again broo in my country especially hahahha.
We dont want paper hands guysss! diamond all the way!!!!
Where are you from bro?
My mother will buy a lot of delicious food to cook. I like her cooking very much. Will you wash the dishes
Am from France man
got you and what are you into? referring to anime?
yo how are you
Hello friend How is the weather there? I plan to come to you in the summer to rest) you have heaven on earth there)
thanks ma maaan
ok good to hear that
Dope bro! Ive heard good things. How is the weather there? Im in US
Hey Jackmo Im from Thailand. How bout you?
Goodmorning guys how are you doing
Hey how are you today
Good morning Cordy!
Have a nice day friends!
whats up bro you good?
Where are you from man
I hope we have only dimond hands here! its very important for the project
hello friend congratulations on your whitelist
excatly i too dont like that and from my experience those projects doesnt even do better they drop very fast
Hallo hallo hi everyone
what you mean bro?
Oh really? I havent really followed the AFCON at all. WHat round is it now? almost the final round? Hahah that would actually be a great match they both have great players. Ill see where I can watch this
Muahahahha i got rich now
fn and you what are you doing now
No sorry what are you watching your movies on?
just type lucifer and where are you from bro?
Thank you for this!
tooooo the mooonnnn
Oh wow i dont that will find it
What time are they normally give out giveaway bro If I may ask?
im so hype for this the art is cleannnn
watup hw are you doing
yes only positive and good vibes!!
ys i too believe in Quality conversaton rather then just increasing yr msgs count   and even if u enjoy chhatiing and have a good conv then times flies automatically
its me man
Does anybody playing a mobile legends?
Have a nice dream Ashely! With MSC buddies!
hahha true man  .. me too  i wish i can pause sundays
First time in the general chat x.x anyone want to chat with me ?
yeah is true
The vast majority of software is made there and is reasonably priced.
you wanna have one?
Could be better
We can get there trust me! just engage in nice conversations..
Are you the writer of this
Fine! Nice pfp for imaginary ones!
hi hru how is youre day
hey how are you?
yo everyone ! how r u fam ?
Good morning mate we are doing great wby
Do you have any advise forgetting wl here bro;]?
What app are you using? no point in naming something you cant see lol
Ive never seen dope concept like msc It will be more hot!!
Have a good night see you again tomorrow bro
yes 45 mins ago but yes its morning here
Can you recommend anything else?
yess sir lfg
I have to watch all marvel movies too
Lets make sure this community keeps on growing over the next days
Do you want to share anything with me?
MSC will be 300k in Feb!
Good night mate
and what to do??)
Hey can anyone help me how to check the levels?
Good Morning MSC fam how are you doing?
Going great and you?
Attack on Titan
morning fella how are you?
Im back !
be strong maan WAGMI
I am from Delhi wbu miss Queen hehe
going good fam! how are you?
All is well how are you?
gooo to see u bro.. whre r u fromm brot
i am girl too
Im the FIRST EVER MUTANT that had a face treatment in salon today !watch the video in my Twitter (link in my bio)
How was your night man
Good morning guys
GM bro how are you to day xD
ooh i see... what will you eat for dinner mate? did you eat dinner out?
Hahaha well said buddy btw Where are you from?
Fine man!) U?
how long have you been in the space?
How you get the role of MY ID PHThose are representing country?
Friends from all around the world in MSC!!
welcome my friend!
ayoo im finally through verification!
ahh thats so nice! have you contributed to the fanarts here?
Hi man! U are welcome! How are you?
hope a new section and i know all of them are happy
Heyyyy! where you from?
Yeah its pleasure to have u guysss
I made mutant serum for fan arts!
Wow I love Italy How is Italy weather now
Have you watched my video yet?? hope to make you laugh..we do it with all our heart
I switch to my desktop fam !
Dinner time! Any asian family?
doing great enjoying my weekend!
we can do it together fam.. keep giving your best islanders
Thankyou so much for your support mate
bro its 3:47 PM here  have u ever visited india?
Just go down and there will be a RU chat))
Ashely Im looking forward to New sneak peeks and announcement!!
Hey guys hows it goin?
Have you watched my video yet?? hope to make you laugh..we do it with all our heart
Whats your local time?
what yall doing?
I did some crazy fan art to see and enjoy before bed time here in AU/NZ.link to the fan art in the twitter in my bio !!dont worry we didnt forget Ashley FC
people here are so kind! never saw this amount of people who really interested in how my day going
broo this looks very good!
Good bro good
we see you too ashley!
Totally agree with you bro )
It must be late in NZ rn right?
oh nice to see you broo!! i meet lots people from india here. im from thai. what time in your place bro?
howw ya doing broo. Nice dayyy
Slowly but sure MSC is leading the pack to greatness !!!!
Hello fellow mutants
omg hi ashley!! saw you in womens chat earlier hahaha
What do you guys like the most abt this project although its erly?
just going to the cafe)
how are you my fren?
Hey how are you?
And how is everything very bad in the Philippines with covid conditions?
Hey Kesus! How is your day doing today brother?
doing good bro what about you?
Thank you very much. What did you have to eat today?)
can somebody from mods check my works? i tried my best and hope u will enjoy it!
Oh Quite experienced btw I am quite new so have you minted any big projects before?
aw i love this
hell0